Add extra docs about rate limiting (#49901)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/rate_limits.md

# Rate limits

Sourcegraph respects and enforces various rate limits to ensure optimal and reliable performance. Sourcegraph has two types of rate limits:

- [External rate limits](#external-rate-limits)
- [Internal rate limits](#internal-rate-limits)

> For other ways to control repo update frequency, see [Repository update frequency](../repo/update_frequency.md).

Reviewer: I think linking to a page like this is not 100% aligned with our styleguide (https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/company-info-and-process/communication/content_guidelines/actionable_language/#links). I'd do something like this (which is also not 100% aligned):

```
The frequency with which repositories are updated can be [adjusted separately](../repo/update_frequency.md).
```

## External rate limits

> External rate limits refer to the rate limits set by external services integrated with Sourcegraph, such as code hosts (GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, etc.). Sourcegraph always adheres to and never exceeds the external rate limits of integrated services.

Reviewer: Do we have non-code-host external services? 😎

> Many codehosts provide continuous feedback on rate limiting. Sourcegraph monitors this feedback, if available, and will delay automatic background requests (permissions syncing, repo discovery, etc.) if rate limits are encountered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many code hosts provide continuous feedback on rate limiting. Sourcegraph monitors this feedback, if available, and will delay automatic background requests (permissions syncing, repo discovery, etc.) if rate limits are encountered.
```

Typo

No configuration is necessary to enable external rate limit monitoring.

> NOTE: When configuring code host connections on Sourcegraph, always include a `token` even if only accessing public repositories, as code hosts impose severe rate limits for unauthenticated requests (see [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api?apiVersion=2022-11-28#rate-limits-for-requests-from-personal-accounts) for example).

If working with a self-hosted code host, consult the code host documentation to learn how to configure rate limits on your code host.

Sourcegraph monitors external rate limits for the following code hosts:
- [GitHub](../external_service/github.md#rate-limits)
- [GitLab](../external_service/gitlab.md#rate-limits)
- [Bitbucket Cloud](../external_service/bitbucket_cloud.md#rate-limits)
- [Azure DevOps](../external_service/azuredevops.md#rate-limits)

## Internal rate limits

> Internal rate limits refer to self-imposed rate limits within Sourcegraph. While Sourcegraph adheres to external rate limits, sometimes more control is necessary, or pa code host might not have rate limit monitoring available or configured. In these cases, internal rate limits can be configured.

Reviewer: `pa code host`? Daddy code host?

Reviewer: I'd change `In these cases, internal rate limits can be configured.` to `In these cases, you can configure Sourcegraph to use internal rate limits`

A [global default internal rate limit](../config/site_config.md#defaultRateLimit) can be configured in the [site configuration](../config/site_config.md). This limit applies to all code host connections that don't have a specific rate limit configured.

> NOTE: This is the default rate limit _per code host connection_. It is not the total rate limit of all the code host connections.

To configure internal rate limits for a specific code host connection:

> - Within the code connection configuration, add the following:

Reviewer: This list doesn't render really well. It's not clear what the second step is:

<img width="1104" alt="screenshot_2023-03-24_12 25 42@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1185253/227509280-6273b1f4-08ed-40b2-8c73-872d160332b6.png">

I'd reorder the internal rate limit section like this: https://gist.githubusercontent.com/mrnugget/d12efd2d459bab8c431cf932b47ffa95/raw/2088e83a5ca89b5c9215b803ebe92f5e994154af/ratelimit.md (can't paste it in here because GitHub wants to render all of it)

Then it looks like this:

<img width="897" alt="screenshot_2023-03-24_12 33 21@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1185253/227510634-8747add2-d35c-45ba-8d15-ee44c02ca560.png">

```json
{
  // ...
  "rateLimit": {
    "enabled": true,
    "requestsPerHour": 5000
  }
}
```

Requests to the configured code host will be staggered as to not exceed `"requestsPerHour"`. This will override the default rate limit (if configured).

> NOTE: Configuring a rate limit will impact Sourcegraph's ability to stay up to date with repository changes and user permissions. To ensure that Sourcegraph stays up to date, consider configuring [webhooks](../config/webhooks/incoming.md).

- For Sourcegraph <=3.38, if rate limiting is configured more than once for the same code host instance, the most restrictive limit will be used.

> - For Sourcegraph >=3.39, rate limiting should be enabled and configured for each individual code host connection.

Reviewer 3: Should we still keep this in the docs, since 3.38 is rather old? 🤔
